---
title: "Campaign Flyer: the freedom from fear" 
date: "2025-06-03"
tags: ["resource", "original", "Campaign"] 
---

for other languages

- [中文 Chinese version](https://freewriters-haitang.github.io/posts/000010-flyer/)
- [日本語 Japanese Version](https://freewriters-haitang.github.io/japanese/posts/000010-flyer/)

#### 致各位社运同仁：

这篇文章完全开放修改权限，各位可以拿去，大刀阔斧地改掉，不用和我报备。即使是海外，各地的情况依然不同：欧洲和日本国情不同，东南亚和美国国情也不同。我们需要的是能最大程度激起人们同情心和关注度的文字，而如何达到这一目的，没人比各位在地者更清楚。

拜托了。祝我们平安、勇敢、永不相忘，祝我们都能有免于恐惧的自由。

**You might have read Heaven Official’s Blessing, but did you know...**

**Mo Xiang Tong Xiu, the author of this beloved work, was sentenced in 2018 for “illegal publication” for allegedly three years in prison and fined 400,000 RMB.**

**Since then, she has gone silent for a long time and has not released any new works.**

**Now, similar incidents are happening again—this time to more Chinese female internet writers. To defend them and their freedom, we need your attention.**

**Haitang Literature** is a Chinese-language website specializing in explicit yaoi fiction, with some of the contents restricted for paying readers. Since June 2024, many authors on the site have stopped updating and gone missing. Due to the opacity of the police system and the absence of media coverage, the public only became aware of the situation after the authors and their families came forward with their statement of what happened to them. It was then revealed that over fifty authors had been detained by the Anhui provincial police, under the pretense “compose and spread obscene materials illegally”. In the end, some of them were even sentenced to one to five years in prison.

This appalling news only attracted brief attention on Chinese social media. Although **BBC China** and a few independent outlets reported on the issue, no in-depth investigations were conducted. Most of the authors **pleaded guilty** and **paid fines** in hopes of receiving lighter sentences.

On **June 1, 2025**, news broke that a **second wave of so-called “deep-sea fishing”** (a trans-regional policing campaign) was initiated by **Lanzhou Police**. This time, the crackdown extended beyond profit-making adult-content authors to include **non-profit writers** and even those who had never published explicit material. Police **summoned readers** based on their payment records from the site, then used their **reading histories** to trace **IP addresses** and identify the writers for further interrogation. This constitutes a **grave violation of freedom of expression and personal privacy**, and is a **blatant breach of procedural justice**. It was also revealed that those young women were sexually harassed during the questioning, which caused severe secondary trauma to them. 

Mainland China is home to many brilliant content creators. If we fail to protect their **freedom to create — and their freedom from fear** — it will be a profound loss to our community.

If we cannot grant the freedom to write, then we cannot grant the freedom to think, to act according to our will, or to love whomever we choose. It is a human right to create and share explicit erotic fiction. And it is the calling of our time to allow the desires of women—and of people across the spectrum of sexualities—to be written, expressed, and seen.

Please, acknowledge this injustice. Stand with our creators. Protect their voices.

#### To stay informed, follow us on 

- Fediverse/Mastodon: [@Phoenix093@mastodon.social](https://mastodon.social/@Phoenix093)
- Instagram: [@freewritersofhaitang](https://www.instagram.com/freewritersofhaitang/)
- Website: [https://freewriters-haitang.github.io](https://freewriters-haitang.github.io)

If you wish to join our campaign, you could also send an E-mail to: [p.fictionishumanright@gmail.com](mailto:p.fictionishumanright@gmail.com)
