---
title: "Author's Narrative: Pseudonym 133" 
date: "2025-05-30T18:02:00+08:00"
tags: ["author", "narravive", "repost"] 
---

[Original Chinese Version](https://freewriters-haitang.github.io/posts/000190-p133/)

In the past twenty years of my life, I may have never thought that the first flight I would take would be to the Public Security Bureau in Lanzhou. Before departure, I repeatedly compared the prices of high-speed rail and air tickets, my fingertips swiped the screen for a long time. Eventually, I chose the cheaper early morning flight. I looked out the window as the plane took off, watching the cities, mountains, rivers getting smaller and smaller, I felt my insignificance so clearly for the first time. Chengdu was sunny, I wore short sleeves and shorts. Lanzhou was sometimes cold and sometimes hot, the weather was changeable. I was shivering with cold when landed. Later did I know,the weather in life is far more unpredictable than the climate.

I wrote stories at first just because I liked it. My family was always short of money. My parents had to go out before dawn and came back exhausted late at night. I wanted to save some money to share the pressure at home. I wrote for several years in Haitang, but there were only sporadic readers. Until those texts that no one cares had been clicked more than 300,000 times in total, and the more than 4,000 yuan royalties in my account became evidence of my crime. After I got out, I fiddled with my phone like a walking death, searching for legal provisions online. When I saw that those with more than 25 hits could face a sentence of more than 10 years, I heard the sound of a bird flying past the window. It turns out that people can really freeze on a sunny day.

I used to fantasize that the day I finally saved enough money, I would be able to take a plane for the first time to start my life's journey. Now it seems impossible. After this incident, I can't determine where my life will go. My biological parents sold me twice when I was a child because my family was poor. I was passed on to my current adoptive parents. They treat me well and as their own child. However, due to the times and region, their thoughts are very feudal. They only want me to be more diligent and find a good man to marry. If I was too lazy, the man and my in-laws would dislike me. Similar words were often heard before I left home. I can’t communicate with them about the choice of major life events. I believe that their thoughts have been deeply rooted and I could not change their thoughts. But at the same time, I don’t want to just obediently follow the path they envisioned. I write for this reason, hoping to control my own life, grow up slowly, and not follow the path arranged by my parents.

Since I was a child, my family has been in debt. I had to be sent to my aunt's house, living under someone else's roof. At that time, my mother gave my aunt 300 yuan a month, and my aunt would give me 50 cents or 1 yuan every day to let me buy food in the cafeteria. In fact, a lunch in the cafeteria at that time was already 5 or 6 yuan, but I didn't dare to tell my aunt, so I only ate white rice with some lard and salt, it was actually quite delicious. The money saved in two days could buy a pack of spicy strips and cold noodles.I ate them quite happily.

During the days when I lived at my aunt's house, I never dared to make any requests. At that time, I really wanted to buy a fountain pen, but I didn't dare to ask for it, so I tried to sell my hair. In order to sell 10 more yuan, the aunt who cut my hair cut my hair into bumps. I have a bumpy head in the mirror, and my classmates laughed at me all day the next day.

Later, after I went to Chengdu and lived with my parents, I couldn't change my mentality and was always embarrassed to speak. Coupled with my parents' dominance and control, my personality has become more and more introverted. Actually, I also know that my parents work really hard to make a living. They have to go out before dawn and come home at eleven or twelve o'clock in the evening. But it is precisely because of their busyness that when they are upset or unhappy, they will vent their anger on me.

I remember that once they encountered a quite troublesome thing, and the only thing I could do was to prepare meals so that they don't have to worry about it. But when I served rice to my mother, she knocked over the bowl and started to scold me for being ignorant and bringing bad luck.

At this time, I became envy of my classmates who could play with friends on weekends. I was too ashamed to speak to my parents about this,seeing them being busy, I feel guilty when I take time off. It may be that I have been wandering in several families when I was a child, the insecurity of not belonging has become the main line of my life. But in the process of growing up, I found that I can express myself through words, and I start hoping that I can change my fate through words. Writing is a light that I lit in the dark for myself. When my parents got angry because of exhaustion, when I envied my classmates for having weekends, when I was afraid of becoming a reproductive tool, I thought I could get rid of all these shackles of the predetermined fate through writing, I thought what I wrote was my future. But I never thought that this future was pointing to prison.

I went to Lanzhou again on Wednesday and met some other authors. I learned that some of those arrested were even college students. The prosecutor said the case would be transferred to the court in June. I just received the notice from the public security department two weeks ago that the case was transferred to the procuratorate. I didn't expect it to progress so quickly, without giving me a chance to breathe. When I saw my reflection on the glass while waiting for the flight, I suddenly remembered that afternoon when I was ten years old and had a bad, bumpy haircut. It turns out that some prices have already been foreshadowed in life.

If time could go back, I would still pick up a pen to write a story. I will still insist on writing in the future, I just need to find my state temporarily, and then go to the legitimate platform to continue learning and creating. At this moment, I only hope that the law can see through the lines and see the girl who saved money with an empty stomach, the girl who sold her hair for a pen, the girl who thought words could chisel open the wall of fate, and give all of us a fair result.

If there are authors who are summoned to go to Lanzhou later, please remember to check the local weather first and prepare an extra piece of clothing. I also want to advise all the authors who are still writing on Haitang based on my own experience: no matter how low your profit is or how low the number of clicks is, don't take chances, and don't write anymore.
