---
title: "Author's Narrative: Pseudonym 132" 
date: "2025-05-30T23:05:00+08:00"
tags: ["author", "narravive", "repost"] 
---

[Original Chinese Version](https://freewriters-haitang.github.io/posts/000210-p132/)

2025-05-30

I am the author of .....

There are many things I want to say, but I keep writing and deleting them over and over again…They gave me some warnings, I cannot say anything related.

For the first time, I learned that even without drinking water, a person can cry so many tears.

Almost every night, I suffer from insomnia.When I finally fell asleep, the nightmares woke me up and I was back to that day again. I will never be able to forget it for the rest of my life—got into the police car in front of everyone, enduring the shame of undressing completely in front of strangers for inspection, putting on a vest with writing on it and take photos for the record, sitting on the chair, trembling with fear, heart racing.

I felt like a broken, uncontrollable waterfall, my tears can’t stop. I wiped with my palms until they were completely wet, then used the back of my hands, my wrists, and even the crumpled hem of my shirt. My back, pressed tightly against the chair, was covered in sweat, sticking to the fabric. Even though it was the middle of summer, I felt extremely cold.

I’m terrified of being taken away, and even more terrified of facing my parents who leaned about the truth,anxiously waiting at home, begging everyone for help.

From childhood to adulthood, I have always been the model daughter in their eyes, the most outstanding child among my peers, and I have received scholarships throughout high school and college. During festivals, they always smiled proudly in front of relatives. But that day, I brought shame to my parents and they can’t hold their heads high again.

It was already late at night when I got home, they didn't scold me or ask why I did such a thing. They only asked if I was hungry and warmed up some food for me. My mother asked if I wanted her to cook a few more dishes. When I looked up, I saw the white hair at her temples in the lamplight,and her eyes reddened with concern for me. I swallowed a few times, held back tears and told her there was enough food for me. After the lights were turned off, through the wall, I heard them tossing and turning, unable to sleep, sighing constantly. I bit down on my pillow, afraid to make a sound, and tears flowed unstoppably again.

I love the characters I create with my pen. Every time I conceive and create their stories, I feel an indescribable sense of fulfillment. But once you make a mistake, it’s a mistake. I want to use my personal experience to warn that under no circumstances should you toe the line, not even the slightest bit of risk should be taken.

In a few hours, it will be the Dragon Boat Festival.To all who have ever liked my work, I wish you a happy holiday, a lifetime of peace and happiness.
