---
title: "Author's Narrative: Pseudonym 131" 
date: "2025-05-16T03:47:00+08:00"
tags: ["author", "narravive", "repost"] 
---

[Original Chinese Version](https://freewriters-haitang.github.io/posts/000200-p131/)

_Translator’s note: The police have issued summoning orders to writers living outside Lanzhou and they’re legally bound to travel there. No financial aid for traveling either if you cannot afford it you just become a criminal by not showing up._

2025-05-16

Yesterday, I finished my one-day trip to Lanzhou. I took a rest for the whole day. When asked what my biggest thought is, it will probably be that I left too hastily, Lanzhou was so cold, and I was still wearing a short-sleeved shirt from Chongqing.

I also found out how much I had earned from writing for about a year, 21,313 yuan(~2,960 usd), so accurate.

I took a plane when I went there, and a train when I came back. I slept the whole way on the train, and continued to sleep when I came back. Then I was in a daze the whole day after that, my state was probably like walking in a dream.

This trip cost 1,000 yuan (~139 usd). I am not afraid of being made fun of. This 1,000 yuan was urgently gathered by selling my pad and gaming account. Now I have just over a little over 300 yuan (translator’s note: do i need to keep going? ~41 usd) left on me.

I don’t know what I have been doing. I shut myself off for several months. Now that I have sold the game account, what can I do?

I don’t know.

In fact, the police were very nice. It was late at night when I arrived. The police drove to pick me up, sent me to the hotel, and told me where to eat the next day. On the way, he asked me if I had any money and if I had told my family. He suggested that I return the illegal income to reduce my sentence, and said it would be best to consult a lawyer.

I shook my head again and again. I did nothing, and I could do nothing.

I graduated this year, I'm only 20, I'm so young, and I'm rotten too early.

This matter doesn't seem serious, it's only 20,000 yuan(~2780 usd), plus the fine is probably 50,000 or 60,000 yuan(~7000-8000 usd). Should I tell my family? But it's so difficult, I haven't been in touch with them for a long time, it's not their fault, it's my fault. I can't get over it. For me, even if I go to jail, even if I disappear from the world, it's probably easier than bowing my head to my family. I don't want to bow my head, even if I'm unrecognizable, I don't want to become worse than my brother in front of my family, I always want to be glorious in front of my enemies.

I must admit that I'm shameful, I posted these to get pity, sorry.

But I have no other way. The purpose of posting is to borrow money. I will provide all the evidence, I will show my ID card through video, and I can also provide all the legally required loan paperwork.

I rented a house in Chongqing for 750 yuan a month. I just made an appointment for a job interview. The salary in Chongqing is not very high. The job I want to interview for does not require much technical skills. So the salary during the tryout period is probably only 2,000 to 3,000 yuan per month, after my work status stabilizes, it will be about 4,000 to 5,000 yuan per month. I will use 70% of my salary to pay off the debt. This will be a long period, sorry, this is all I’m capable of.

If you live in Chongqing, we can also talk offline so that you can see me in person,  to make sure this is not a scam.

I know I have gone too far to borrow money from strangers who I have never met, but I have no other choice. Sorry, I want to return my illegal income for a reduced sentence.

And about the lawyer consultation. I can't afford a lawyer. Sorry, my personal ability is really limited, so I’m wondering if I can ask here. Ifa lawyer sees this, can you please help answer my question? I made a profit of 21,000 yuan, and the total number of clicks is 850,000, so what will be the probable result in this case?

In fact, I don’t know what to consult, I have no experience.

Also, I have a medical record of moderate depression during the entire writing time when I was writing. Can this reduce the sentence? Sorry, I don’t want to make a show of it, I really want to know the answer, which may be of some help to me.

In short, I am very sorry to everyone,because of someone like me.
